Adds Engine 0.8.0 release notes and documentation for features. (#202)
anchore/enterprise-docs: content/docs/engine/releasenotes/080.md

Once detected, these are matched for vulnerabilities just like regular packages using the NVD and other non-OS vulnerability sources.

### Content Hints

A new "hints" feature allows users to pass specific metadata into the analyzers to help identify and augment content that would not have been discovered by existing analyzers. This is particularly useful
if you have libraries statically compiled into another binary or installed outside of a package manager that you want to tell Anchore about so you can get vulnerability matches for and include them in the
image's content manifests. This is accomplished with a specific json file present in the image: ```/anchore_hints.json```. The entries are merged into the analyzer results to augment their findings for
different content types.

For more information, see: [Content Hints]({{< ref "/docs/engine/general/concepts/images/analysis/content_hints" >}})

### Changed Image Deletion Behavior

In this release, image deletion is now an asynchronous operatin and the image_status property in the image record now has possible states 'active' and 'deleting'. Deletion of an image by API call will

> transition the image record to a 'deleting' status as indicated by the image_status property and will be deleted by asynchronous processes on a duty cycle. This helps balance database load under a high volume
> of delete operations and also makes the client-percieved response time much lower. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transition the image record to a 'deleting' status as indicated by the `image_status` property and deleted by asynchronous processes on a duty cycle. The asynchronous process helps balance database load under a high volume
of delete operations and makes the client-perceived response time much lower. 
```

*NOTE: Responses for `GET /images` and `GET /summaries/imagetags` do *not* include images in the deleting state by default, though new query parameters
allow those images to be returned in those calls if desired (`image_status=deleting` or `image_status=all`)*

### New API Revision

The API is updated to version [0.1.15](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/blob/v0.8.0/anchore_engine/services/apiext/swagger/swagger.yaml)

### Added

+ Changed image deletion to asynchronous behavior to make API more responsive and throttle db load during image deletes.

> + New dry-run mode for repository scan request to return list of tags that would be scanned without actually scanning or persisting the record. Implements [510](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/510)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ New dry-run mode for repository scan request to return list of tags that would be scanned without scanning or persisting the record. Implements [510](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/510)
```

> + Support for a "hints" json file in the image. JSON file to pass additional metadata to augment analyzer findings. Implements [550](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/550)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Support for a "hints" JSON file in the image. JSON file to pass additional metadata to augment analyzer findings. Implements [550](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/550)
```

+ Adds API support for deleting multiple images in a single call. Implements [502](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/502)
+ Support for malware scanning using ClamAV and new 'malware' content type in API and policy gate to trigger on findings. Disabled by default. Implements [498](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/498)     
+ Support for content type 'binary' with analyzers to detect specific binaries: python, golang, busybox not installed by package manager. Implements [531](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/531), [533](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/533), [534](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/534), [340](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/340)
+ Query parameter filters for GET /images calls to filter by image_status and analysis_status. Implements [561](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/561)

### Improved

> + Change image analysis queue processing behavior from first come first served to fair share accross account. Implements [491](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/491)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Change image analysis queue processing behavior from first come first served to fair share across account. Implements [491](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/491)
```

+ Removes image_to_get property in GET body of /images route, since body in GET operations is not standard behavior. Fixes [562](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/562)

### Fixes 
+ Handle scratch images correctly in files gate behavior. Fixes [503](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/530)

> + Add missing fields in swagger json spec for GET /query/vulnerabilities. Fixes [558](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/558)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Add missing fields in swagger JSON spec for GET /query/vulnerabilities. Fixes [558](https://github.com/anchore/anchore-engine/issues/558)
```
